("The Call of Spring")
♪ Now the mist has cleared
♪ As day is dawning
♪ It's all becoming
clearer to me ♪
♪ The seasons change
♪ As I change with them
♪ And the call of spring
♪ Gives me strength
♪ And courage to know
♪ I will make it through
♪ Whatever life throws at me
♪ Summer's sweet scent
♪ Autumn's whisper
♪ Winter stings with the cold
♪ When trouble comes
rolling in like thunder ♪
♪ Tears may fall
♪ Fear may call
♪ But with spring in my heart
♪ When seasons change
♪ I'll change with them
♪ And I know I can
weather the storm ♪
- Ahh!
- [Narrator] Winter came,
transforming Ronja's forest
into an uncommonly beautiful
world of ice and snow.
While out skiing, Ronja
jumped, lost a ski,
and landed with her foot stuck
in the roof of a
family of rumphobs.
- Help me! Help me!
(Ronja struggling)
(cheers)
Weeee!
Swing there!
- Little baby, he
hang good there.
- I want to!
Oh me, oh me swing!
(Rumphobs cheer)
- Snow.
It's coming.
And when it does...
(acoustic guitar music)
(barely audible sigh)
- Ronja!
Ronja!
(music)
Noooo!
(cries loudly)
- Aahh!!
Someone!
Anyone!
Help me!
Anyone?
Is anyone there?
Help me, please!
Help me!
Please help me!
- Uns stoppah rockin' now.
- Woffor did undo it?
(gasps)
(majestic music)
Ho, ho, ho!
(gasp)
- Ho!
(whispering gasps)
- Pretty little human.
Ho, ho, ho.
Here, you taking a rest then?
Need a little lullaby?
Oh, I hope you're
not just being lazy.
There is so much to do
up in our mountain lair.
You shall work for
me and my sisters
high up in the mountains
so you may know how
very kind we are!
So listen now.
You should be grateful, aye?
Be a little more
cooperative, aye, aye?
Oh why, why won't you?
We won't scratch
or claw you much.
- Huh!
- Human, you are a
stubborn one, aren't you?
All right, then you
simply stay here.
And then my lovely sisters and
I will come back to get you.
Oh yes, slumber peacefully.
We'll come for you,
and oh how we'll look after
you my sweet little one!
So rest while you can,
because you'll never
rest ever again!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
- Fine, go ahead and
bring your sisters.
Tomorrow there'll be nothing
here but a lump of ice anyway!
I hope you break
your teeth on me.
(snoring)
(slow piano music)
I'll never see
any of them again.
I love you mother.
I love you father.
- [Female] Ronja!
(sighs)
- I'm dreaming, there
is no one there.
It's getting late and
soon it will be dark
and it's all over.
(slow piano music)
- Ronja, shouldn't
you be going home now?
(gasps)
I just found your ski down
at the bottom of the hill
so I figured you must
be up here somewhere.
You've been sitting
like this all day?
Maybe on a sunny day, sure,
but it's pretty cold out.
Come on, it's time to
get you out of here.
(loud cries)
- Please don't ever leave me!
Please do not ever leave!
- Uh, alright, so
long as you keep
a rope's length away from me.
Now come on, stop crying.
Why not let go of me, aye,
and I'll have a try to see
if I can get you out of here.
Alright Ronja?
(wind blows)
(whistling)
Almost there.
Ready? Try pulling it.
(groans)
(gasps)
(laughing)
(loud cries)
You'll have to stop crying now.
As nice as it is up here
I'd like to get home.
- I won't cry anymore, I swear.
- Now baby got dirt in eyes.
Horrible.
- Woffor, woffor did undo it?
- Woffor did undo it?
- Shh, hush hush baby.
- Woffor did undo it.
- Hush hush.
- Well?
- I think so.
I'll give it a try.
How about you?
Aren't you coming with me?
- Well of course I am.
(slow music)
(whistles)
- Hey, listen Birk,
I've been thinking,
and it may sound crazy, but
I wish you were my brother.
- Huh?
Why shouldn't I be then,
if that's what you like.
Robber's daughter.
- I'm serious,
that's what I want,
but no, I want you
to call me Ronja
and no longer Robber's daughter.
(laughs)
- Ronja.
Sister of mine.
(slow piano music)
- Ronja, long time
out in the snow today.
Well, did you go far?
- Yes, and I had
a very nice time.
- It's been ages since
we've had snow this bad,
or perhaps we should
say this good.
It's wonderful, aye?
Specially if you
like shoveling snow,
because I predict you're
gonna have great joy
for quite some time now, hmm?
- Well what'd you say that for?
Nobody has great joy
from shoveling snow.
- Enjoy the view.
We'll dig later.
(light music)
- The snow can't be
that high, can it?
- Are we stuck?
- Never seen anything like it.
- So we are stuck.
- Alright my men, we'll
be inside for a while.
- No one's getting
through Wolfneck Gap.
- It's the same with Hell's Gap.
- Alright then, as of right now,
all look outs are cancelled.
- No way!
- See, I predicted
much joy to you.
- And as for my
stupid enemy Borka,
well even he's not
stupid enough to want to
fight out in this snow.
It's up to even his
armpits out there.
- Maybe a snow ball fight.
(laughing)
(suspenseful music)
(gasps)
- Ronja!
- [Narrator] Next time on
Ronja the Robber's Daughter,
"To be Done in Secret".
Don't miss it.
(theme music)